SortOrder: 1
# Terminology

> **Note**:
> The following terms are applicable for the process of integration of various payment methods by payment providers on Wix and making them available to merchants and their buyers. This terminology may not be applicable to other Wix documentation.

**Provider Platform**: Set of calls between Wix and payment provider to set up provider's payment methods on Wix, make them available to merchants and their buyers, and process transactions made with cards, alternative payment methods, hosted pages.

**Transaction**: Agreement, or communication, carried out between a *buyer*, and a *merchant* to exchange an asset for payment.
It involves a change in the status of the finances of two or more businesses or individuals. The *buyer* and *merchant* are separate entities, involving the exchange of items of value, such as information, goods and services.

**Merchant**: Person or business who sells goods to the public in relatively small quantities for use or consumption rather than for re-sale.

**Buyer**: Person who makes a purchase.

**Idempotency**: Property of certain operations whereby they can be applied multiple times without changing the result beyond the initial application.

**Idempotency key**: Unique string identifier generated by the app. Wix uses this identifier to recognize subsequent retries of the same request.

**Payment Provider**: Service which offers online services for accepting electronic payments by a variety of payment methods including credit card, bank-based payments such as direct debit, bank transfer, and real-time bank transfer based on online banking. Typically, a software as a service model and form a single payment gateway for their clients (merchants) to multiple payment methods.

**Payment Plugin**: Implementation of third party provider via *Provider Platform*.

**Webhook**: An HTTP callback. It is triggered by some event, such as transaction status update, or a refund initiated.

**Hosted Page**: Type of payment method which represent *Payment Provider* itself. *Buyer* will be redirected to *Payment Provider*'s page to proceed the payment.

**3D Secure**: Protocol designed to be an additional security layer for online credit and debit card transactions. The name refers to the "three domains" which interact using the protocol: the merchant/acquirer domain, the issuer domain, and the interoperability domain.

**Installments**: Number of payments in a staged payment.

**Installments** is a single payment within a staged payment plan of a loan, or a hire-purchase.
**JSON**: JavaScript Object Notation is an open standard file format and data interchange format that uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and arrays (or other serializable values).

**JSON object**: Contains `key/value` pairs.
Keys and values are separated by a colon.
Keys must be strings, and values must be a valid JSON data type.
Each `key/value` pair is separated by a comma. are surrounded by curly braces `{}`.

**JWT**: JSON Web Token is a standard for creating data with signature whose payload holds *JSON* that asserts some number of claims. The tokens are signed a private key. Server generates a token that has the claims and provided that to a client. The tokens are signed by private key, so that *Payment Plugin* can subsequently verify the token is legitimate.

**Access token**: Contains the security credentials to identify the *Payment Plugin* privileges.

**Currency minor units**: Smallest fraction of a *currency*. For example, `1 USD` will be `100`, but `1 JPY` will be `1` as it has no fraction digits.
